welcome to the man of recaps this is
house of cards season 6 at the end of
last season Claire underwood was being
sworn in as president after Frank
resigned due to all the scandals the
plan was he was gonna run things from
the background but Claire decides to
ignore him and she's like my turn so
we're set up for an epic Underwood worse
Underwood showdown except Kevin Spacey's
fired from the show because of his
real-life scandals so he dies
unceremoniously off-screen due to liver
failure
Claire's new antagonists are the
Shepherd siblings bill in a net they're
billionaires own a giant corporation
bill has a lot of things he wants Claire
to do including sign this one bill
lowering his factory regulations but
Claire's not gonna let anyone tell her
what to do so on the way home
shot taken at her bills like yeah that
was just a warning gonna scare but
Claire's not easily scared so the
Shepherd's hire Seth Grayson the
Underwood's old press secretary who
knows a lot of her secrets and Claire's
vice president Marco sure is in bed with
the Shepherd's literally he's banging
the sister and he has Claire's biggest
dirty laundry the dead body of writer
Tom Yates who Claire murdered last
season and mark helped cover up he's
like Claire you've got to work with the
shepherds you have no choice so that
night bill Shepherd who's literally
forces her to sign his bill now Doug
Stamper
last season he confessed to the murder
of Zoe Barnes to cover for Frank there's
no evidence except his confession so
instead of jail he's under psychiatric
evaluation
but with Frank dead now he's like you
know what I recant my confession I'm out
of here
he doesn't like Claire much he was
always Frank's man but she's like Doug I
need your help with something it's Cathy
Durant Frank very unselfish her down the
stairs last season but she survived
mostly recovered now she's like luck
just let me retire in peace but Claire's
are not about to leave that loose end
hanging out she tells her other advisor
Jane Davis to have her killed but when
Cathy meets her for lunch it's very
obviously an assassination
so she bails out of there but the call
comes in Cathy still dead but neither
Jean or Doug did it Cathy faked her
death she's alive on the run but no one
knows that so they have a funeral and
viktor petrov the russian president
comes they have a secret backroom
meeting to divvy up Syria where they've
been fighting a proxy war mark asurs
like hey the Shepherd's company gets
drilling rights to the stuff that's our
deal and Claire's like yeah I'm owned by
the shepherds I agree
after this claire has a breakdown but
she refuses to resign so the cabinet has
to vote to kick her out but Claire was
faking it so she busts in there before
they could turn the paper in
she fires all of them and she appoints
her all-new all-female cabinet Marco
sure and the Shepards are gonna fight
back
but Claire had a double secret meeting
with Victor Petrov where she gave him
the oil rights in exchange for taking
credit for killing Tom Yates that dress
like yes my government kills many people
this is no problem so the leaks come
from Russia and they tie mark gusher
into it so he is effectively sidelined
now one of the Sheppard plants has a
chemical leak and this reporter chick is
investigating finds out that Bill
Sheppard I knew about it let it happen
so he goes to jail for a bit he's out
real quick but then he's dying of some
random disease so here's a fantastic
actor totally wasted his sister Annette
Sheppard busts out the big avocados and
drops Claire's abortion scandals but
Claire manages to blow those off no
problem like it was medically necessary
the baby was dying or whatever reporter
Tom hammerschmidt is still writing his
article trying to take down the
Underwood's but Doug won't let that
happen cuz it would hurt Frank's
reputation too so Claire finally has
hammerschmidt killed Oh they learn Cathy
still alive and somehow track her down
and kill her too claire also
assassinates jane davis just cuz you
know it's better in threes
how is she assassinating all these
people well apparently with the help of
FBI guys she and Frank used all these
years he had a baby and is trying to
retire but she's like yo I would eat
your baby no retirement for you Doug
finds out
apparently Frank wrote a secret will
leaving him everything when he confronts
Claire she's like no that's null and
void now because I'm preggers yeah
that's Frank's baby I'm skeptical of
that there's a time skip and Claire
really is pregnant which gets a lot of
the public on her side but Annette
Shepards not worried the Supreme Court's
reviewing the bill they make Claire sign
earlier which would severely limit the
president's power and they own the judge
so it's gonna go through
unfortunately Claire chance the proof
this judge is working with the Shepards
so she shuts that down then there's a
whole thing with some app the Shepherd
Foundation has that Minds people's
phones to influence their voting which
is exactly what Claire and Frank did in
the last election so the heat goes on to
Duncan Shepherd Annette's son who
secretly was the son of the housekeeper
but that doesn't matter anyway he's
under arrest
but arresting her son is the final straw
for Annette so she has a secret meeting
of the powerful friends and it's like
yeah we gonna Sasson eight the president
they bring in Doug Stamper to the
conspiracy who's grown an epic beard
earlier he found Frank's secret audio
diary he left for him and he's been
listening to it non-stop going crazy
living in a van when Claire starts
throwing Frank under the bus for his bad
deeds
Doug doesn't like that so Doug starts
leaking some of the diary to the press
which shows Claire knew about and
participated in some of the illegal
stuff Frank did to distract from this
Claire makes up another terror threat
and she's literally going to nuke part
of Syria to take out the terrorists
there so the nuclear footballs coming in
and the carrier is actually the
Shepherd's assassin but Claire was ready
for him because Doug told her about it
Oh Doug was working for her Nolt I was
yeah he brings to the names of everyone
else in the plot I'm not sure why I
think they had a deal where she would
posthumously pardoned Frank if he helped
her it's unclear but in any case these
two share a victory drink even though
Doug is famously sober and Claire is
very pregnant and then a bigger
revelation comes out Doug was the one
who killed Frank Underwood
apparently Frank went off the deep end
when Claire cut him out so he was gonna
literally kill Claire and Doug was like
I have to stop you I have to kill the
man to save his legacy
Doug's emotions are all mixed up maybe
he's gonna kill Claire now but he
decides not to Claire decides she'd
better kill him though Oh stab she's
like don't worry dougie I'll take your
pain away and without any further
explanation or resolution that's how
season six comes to an end it's barely
worth analyzing the ending because the
show's over and this season was a mess I
assume it lead Doug gets blamed for an
assassination attempt and the list of
conspirators all get arrested and so
with no enemies left had no skeletons in
the closet
claire has a nice happy presidency with
no more problems if the train wreck of
season six made you turn for the good
old days watch my season 1 & 2 recaps
they're really good if you liked this
video hit that subscribe button it
really helps me out and I'm bringing you
lots of good content all sorts of shows
and movies and Netflix hey I am open to
being your official recap guy give
people an option instead of the boring
previously on style you know man recaps
out